README
-----

####This Guide is meant to simplify the process to set up nginx and DigitalOcean DNS (or any other DNS provider)

In this example, I am using an app I co-wrote called printatcu (you can find it at printatcu.com)

First, we will make sure that nginx is intalled on your server.
```bash
apt-get update
apt-get intall nginx
```
This should get nginx installed.

The key file here is located at nginx/conf.d/default.conf

To make this file work with your app, make sure to replace the upstream name with your app name

``upstream printatcu {``

to

``upstream myapp {``

Replace ``server_name printatcu.com;`` with your domain name ``server_name mydomain.com;``

Just make sure that you replace "printatcu" with your app's name and any remaining domain info with your domain name

Next, we will examine the ``nginx.conf`` file in the nginx/ directory
This file tells you exactly what ``.conf`` file nginx reads for custom configuration
See line 30,
```bash
include /etc/nginx/conf.d/*.conf;
```
This line means include all ``.conf`` in conf.d/ directory.

An important note, sometimes, the nginx.conf generated by your nginx installation might be different. So, in my installation, the user is nginx, see line 1 in ``nginx.conf``: 

```bash
user nginx;
```

However, in the current installation, you will find the following line, 

```bash
user  www-data;
```
don't worry, they function the same. Just modify the line that includes the ``*.conf`` file(s).

So, don't copy and paste the ``nginx.conf`` but you may copy the ``default.conf`` after modifying it to your need.

I hope this guide is helpful. In my example, I used mina to deploy my rails app. The location of the app, which is specified as ``root /var/www/printatcu/current/public;`` should be similar to those of you who used capistrano.



